My Life in Quincy by Betty King.
I was born in Quincy, a town on the east coast of America 12 years ago.
There were lots of things to do in Quincy, with many stores, two movie theaters, football
clubs, and basketball teams too.
I wasn't born in Quincy.
I was very happy there.
Two presidents of the US, John Adams and son John Quincy Adams were born in Quincy.
You can visit their old family houses.
Our house was big and comfortable.
There was a big living room with a TV, a kitchen, a bathroom, and three bedrooms.
On my bedroom walls there were pictures of my favorite movie stars.
Behind the house there was a big garden with lots of trees, and there was a small lake
with fish in it.
It was great to play there.
There were lots of children in Quincy.
Many of them were my friends.
This was our last home in the US, and I was there for the last time in 2010.
One day I'll go back, and I'm looking forward to seeing my friends again.